>> Brian Holt: So
b3/31 that is the last one.
So 30 is using react, 31 is using preact.
You all can go to check those out
if you are feeling so inclined.
Go ahead and add inferno and substitute
inferno, that is what I was gonna try,
I was gonna try real quick
if could just switch out,
I haven't tried this recently,
so it might or might not work.
Let's just doing preact.
Preact doesn't have all of the APIs so
I don't know, like,
react routers using, I don't know what,
like, the redact reduct stuff,
like, all those bindings are using, so
this might not work, but let's try.
Yarn build.
>> Brian Holt: It'll probably build,
might not be super happy about it though.
Yeah, no, see we're stuck in loading hell.
So doesn't work, so for
now we have to use compact.
The way you would eventually fix that,
compat is a crutch.
It's a good way to like get to using
preact, and then what you wanna do is
you wanna go strip out the function
calls that preact doesn't have.
And then eventually you can go from
the 8 kilobyte library to the 3 kilobyte
library, which is even better.
>> Speaker 2: Greg is asking if you have
used any JavaScript end testing libraries?
>> Brian Holt: The answer is,
I hope you can see like the sadness
in my eyes cuz yes, I have.
[LAUGH] It's important, right?
Something like Selenium, Selenium test.
You can kind of verify
the things that are working.
It's important to have the happy path,
right?
Log in and sign up, and
all this different process that are key.
They're just so flaky, right?
How much time have I spent just messing
around with the flaky Selenium test.
The answer is way too much.
There's nothing like Protractor.
Protractor's really cool for angular.
React doesn't have anything like that,
unfortunately.
>> Speaker 2: Well actually in Kent Dodds'
testing JavaScript applications course,
well it's not out yet, but it will be out
on front of masters slash courses soon.
You can watch the replay, but
he uses the cypress.io
>> Brian Holt: I dont know
anything about that.
>> Speaker 2: And it's pretty new but
he shows how awesome it is and
how he loves it and stuff and
its way better than solenium.
>> Brian Holt: I have a great amount
of fun just like messing around,
treading my bundles even smaller,
it's like a game to me.
>> Speaker 2: I can see that.
>> Speaker 3: Have you used rollup at all?
>> Brian Holt: Rollup is
also a really cool packager.
It really pushed webpack hard and that's
why webpack 2 is as cool as it is, is cuz
Rollup like came in and says like no screw
you I'm gonna do tree shaking, right?
That was kinda their thing.
>> Brian Holt: And actually so the way the
tree shaking works with webpack 2 is it
doesn't actually remove the code itself.
It basically outputs the code in
such a way that it's unreachable.
And then uglify 2,
which is the new version of uglify,
I guess uglify 3 is about to come out.
Uglify 2 is smart enough to say
this code is never reachable and
it just pulls that stuff out.
So that's what Rollup
was really great for.
Roll up is still really great and
important.
It's great for libraries right?
So you want to build your
libraries like react.
React is built with Rollup and
it outputs it in such a way that
it's consumable by Web Pack and
it's much better that way.
So I typically recommend use Web Pack for
your applications and
use Roll Up for your libraries.
>> Brian Holt: That's a good question.
Roll Up is really cool.
It's a little bit more difficult
to wrangle in my opinion, but
I think that might be just cuz I have
Stockholm syndrome from wrangling so
much with webpack so.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 2: How do you fell about
SASS versus style components and
how would you use it in this application?
>> Brian Holt: SaaS is too
powerful in my opinion.
I don't need a touring complete
scripting language on top of my CSS,
personal opinion.
I think SaaS script is too much.
To the points that, I remember at Reddit,
we had this little bit of SaaS script that
generated a bunch of classes that we used,
and it just ballooned our CSS files for
no good reason.
Now, you rightfully can point out,
that's your fault.
It is my fault, right, but
it gives me tools for
things that I don't need to do, right?
So I appreciate some of the things.
Like, nesting can be nice.
Hand selectors can be nice, but
if I have five layers deep and
I'm using mix ins,
it's too much indirection for me for css.
So, I like using post css and
including things like auto prefixer.
Maybe a couple of extra plugins for
nesting and like, that's it.
Like the least powerful styling
rules that I can have, and then,
I like to import it as css modules.
So, that's my go to of
how to deal with css.
Style components is really cool.
As you can see we messed up our
navigating without javascript.
Because it does have a run time associated
with it and that also kind of sucks,
a little bit, right?
So I might be a little bit more on the
Glamour train right now, but I know Max.
And I know they're working on getting up
to the same speed that Glamour is, and
so, it's coming.
It's definitely coming.
>> Speaker 2: And where in your config, or
whatever, would you add Sass, or PostCSS?
>> Brian Holt: There's
a couple places to do it, but
it would be here inside of your modules.
So you'd do something like,
I'm making this up so
go validate it, but
it would be, you'd have a test
that would say,
basically this here, right?
>> Brian Holt: But instead of being this,
it would be like .scss, right?
Then you would say loader like
sass-loader I think is what it is.
I'm assuming that's what it's called.
>> Brian Holt: And then you'd have to have
one as well on here called style-loader.
I can't remember which one comes first.
It's important which one it is but
let's just assume it comes second.
What this is going to do is it's going
to be able to read your SaSS, and
it's also going to be
injected into your app.
And then I can go into my spinner,
and then I can say import spinner, or
it would just be import spinner.scss.
This equally applies to Sylus or
LESS just so you know, or just plain CSS.
And I've come back to web pack config, and
then I'd have to have a plugin in here for
style extraction, it's like web pack dot-
>> Speaker 2: I think if
you just google SASS web pack-
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, but
you have to have something that
will pull out the SaaS file and
then it's gonna output it in a separate
CSS so you can load it separately,
but that's the general
gist of how to do it.
>> Brian Holt: Actually I
show you in version two so
if you're super interested
it's in Version two.
>> Speaker 2: Well thus concludes
Version three of React.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
thank you so much for coming.
It was a real pleasure to talk to you
all about one of the things I'm pretty
passionate about.
I think React is a really
great library and
I just think this is a really good way
to build large scalable architecture.
So I hope you can at least take pieces and
parts of this out and
bring it in to your workflow.
It's okay if there's parts that you
don't like, don't include those parts,
but it's a puzzle,
you get to put together your own puzzle.
So cool, yeah, thanks.
>> Group: [APPLAUSE]
>> Speaker 2: The last
thing I had to ask is do you have any
recommendations for further reading.
Further people to follow,
things to look at in the React
community that you're Actually
pretty excited about.
>> Brian Holt: I get a lot of
my information from twitter,
which is a great source of news.
That's a joke.
It can be daunting at times.
So the react core team are all super nice,
approachable people.
So, that's definitely one thing I
would suggest is like add soprano.
I think that's been out [INAUDIBLE].
They're all super interesting.
I think the graph ql relay story is
really interesting to follow as well.
That fits nice, that's a nice
puzzle piece to fit with React and
like Lee Byron and the team that
runs that, they're all really great.
I think Jason Miller and Dominic Gannaway,
who do Preact and Inferno,
respectively, are both amazing,
interesting people to follow.
The CSS and
JS story is really heating up, and
I think we're going to see a lot of
innovation over the next year about that.
So Watch Glamor, watch Glamorous,
watch Styled Components.
Aphrodite is not going away any time soon,
and CSS modules in general.
I think that story's going
to continue to evolve and
get better and more interesting.
The webpack team was always pushing
the envelope as well as the babel team.
They're definitely two projects that need
help so if you can either contribute or
give money to I think that's worthy to do
as well, same with the Preact Project.
>> Brian Holt: The React
doc's really good,
I think that's a really
good place to look as well.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah that's what
I got off the top of my head.
>> Speaker 2: Perfect all right thank you.
Well until next time.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah until version four.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH]